Voice assistant: add Mario Tutorial (#27225)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/projects/worlds-most-private-voice-assistant.markdown

<lite-youtube videoid="eLx8_NAqptk" videotitle="Give your voice assistant personality using the OpenAI integration"></lite-youtube>

To reproduce this example, follow these steps:

Note: this procedure requires an OpenAI account. To just run the example, the free trial option is sufficient. No need to leave your credit card information.

> 1. [Setup an OpenAI account and install the OpenAI conversation](/integrations/openai_conversation/) integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Set up an OpenAI account and install the OpenAI conversation](/integrations/openai_conversation/) integration.
```

1. Create a Mario personality.

>    * Once you installed the OpenAI integration, select **Configure**.

Reviewer: Just a thought... should this need to explain where to find configure? As in, there is no real pointer to the integrations dashboard here?

Author: good point. Thank you!
